MTM-64148 enhance exports description, list all predefined fields ... (#3573)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cockpit/exports-bundle/managing-exports.md

![Measurement added from data point](/images/users-guide/cockpit/cockpit-export-adddatapoint-measurement.png)

##### Predefined fields {#predefined-fields}

> **Predefined fields** are standard properties which are always existing in a given type of document. List of properties which you can choose for export from UI is wider and contains a lot of often used fragments with business meaning, but those fragments will be treated as **custom properties** by the export engine logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predefined fields are standard properties that always exist in a given type of document. The list of properties that you can select for export in the UI is wider and contains a lot of frequently used fragments with business meaning, but these fragments are treated as custom properties by the export engine logic.
```

Author: we can remove bold elements, but if you check the preview, there are several bolded parts there. 
<img width="1148" height="201" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/da12e4a1-2b3c-445b-9f2a-6497bebf9b83" />

For me it would be good to emphasize with visual effect "Predefined field" (or "Standard field" / "Standard property") and "Custom property" ("Custom field"). Because this is the most important distinguishing here.

Reviewer: According to our style guidelines bold formatting is mainly restricted to all UI elements, such as fields, buttons, etc.  (as in your example). It should only rarely be used for pure emphasis, as this often leads to over-highlighting. 
"Use for simple emphasis within a sentence only if you feel that this is really required." 
If you feel that this is really needed here, then go ahead :-).

Here is the list of predefined fields for particular types of documents:

> - **Alarms**: count, creationTime, firstOccurrenceTime, id, lastUpdated, severity, source, status, text, time, type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alarms: count, creationTime, firstOccurrenceTime, id, lastUpdated, severity, source, status, text, time, type
```

> - **Events**: creationTime, id, lastUpdated, source, text, time, type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Events: creationTime, id, lastUpdated, source, text, time, type
```

> - **Measurements**: creationTime, id, source, time, type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Measurements: creationTime, id, source, time, type
```

> - **Managed objects**: additionParents, assetParents, childAdditions, childAssets, childDevices, creationTime, deviceParents,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Managed objects: additionParents, assetParents, childAdditions, childAssets, childDevices, creationTime, deviceParents,
```
